Dear %USERNAME%, 

Thanks very much for opening an online futures trading account in our company. For your kind information, the following is the instruction related to using our trading platform. 

1. Download 
Please download the installation file of trading platform by clicking the following buttons. In order to ensure a satisfactory downloading speed, please click the button of "CN Download" if you are currently in China. Otherwises, please click the button of "HK Download".
HK Download: http://emperorcapital.com/filemanager/common/sptrader_r846/sptrader_emp_setup_r846.exe
CN Download: http://emperorcapital.com/filemanager/common/sptrader_r846/sptrader_emp_setup_r846.exe
  
2. Installation 
Please kindly read the installation guideline below 
Install Guide: http://www.sharppoint.com.hk/eng/main/download_main.htm

3. Login
After the installation, please launch the sptrader by clicking this icon in your desktop  and login the platform with the following information. 
 
Host: 220.241.155.37 
User Id: Your Client ID 
Password: Please find your password in the lower part of e-mail 

4.User Guide 
After the initial login of the platform, the password should be changed. The new password should contain at least 8 digitals and contain both english letter and number. In order to confirm your smooth operation of platform, please freely browse the detailed user guide by clicking the following button. 
User Guide: http://www.sharppoint.com.hk/sphelp/r827/eng/contents.php?lang=0

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Trading Platform Password 

Your initial password: %TRADE_CODE% 
Caution: After the initial login of the platform, the password should be changed. The new password should contain at least 8 digitals and contain both english letter and number.
Although the password will be changed, the initial password above will always be your phone dealing password for placing order for overseas futures. Please keep it carefully. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hong Kong Futures- Trading Rule

1.Trading Hours (Hong Kong Time)
Pre-opening Session 8:45am to 9:15am 
Morning Session 9:15am to 12:00pm 
Afternoon Session 1:00pm to 4:15pm 
(*Not applicable under special circumstances and during Hong Kong Public Holidays)

2. You can contact our Customer Service Department via phone (852) 2919 2919 or utilize the online trading system to give order instructions. After an order is placed on the trading platform, you can call our Customer Service Department to amend or cancel that unexecuted order instruction. Any transaction concluded via Customer Service Department will be charged a commission according to company's standard rates. Any order instructions placed via Customer Service Department will be reflected on the trading platform in real time, you can amend or cancel that order in the same way before the transaction is executed. The client acknowledge that it may not be possible to amend or cancel his instructions or orders once given.

3. The commission, levy, and trading fee would not be deducted from your cash balance in trading account, until the next trading day and before 9:00am.

4. Please be kindly reminded to place enough margin deposit before placing order. For the margin requirement, generally our company would apply the margin requirement according to HKEx, you can check the latest margin requirement in HKEx website. And our company reserves the rights to charge a higher margin requirement before notifying clients. Margin call will be issued when the Net Asset Vaue ("NAV") of Client's account is less than 80%* of the Initial Margin. The amount of Additional Margin shall be an amount that would sufficiently restore the NAV to full amount of Initial Margin as required by our company. Failure of the client, for whatever reason, to deposit full amount of addition margins before the prescribed time or the NAV of Client's account is less than 50%* of the Initial Margin, would result in strict settlement of the client's position(s) in whole or in part by our company at any market price(s) at our absolute discretion without prior notice to client.
* Our company has the right to change at any time as deemed necessary.

5. If you have forgotten your login password to the trading platform, please contact our Customer Service Dept at (852) 2919 2919. We will reset your password and send it to you through e-mail.

6. Here are the order types:
Normal Order
Normal Order is a limit order with specified price and quantity. If the order is not immediately matched, it will stay as a queued order until the market closes for the day.

Fill-AND-Kill Order
"Fill and Kill" order is a limit order that will be immediately matched with as many contracts available in the market as possible and the remaining unmatched quantity will be cancelled.

Fill-OR-Kill Order
"Fill or Kill" order is a limit order that has to immediately and exactly match the specified price and quantity; otherwise the order will be cancelled.

Auction Order
An order where a bid or offer price is not specified and is entered into the Hong Kong Automated Trading System (HKATS) during the pre-market opening period for execution at the *Calculated Opening Price (COP). 
When investors enter an auction order, they are prepared to buy or sell at the COP. Depending on market conditions, not all auction orders may be matched on market opening. As a result, unmatched auction orders will be converted to limit orders at *COP, or the best bid price or the best ask price after the market reopens. 
Note: A COP (Calculated Opening Price) is calculated during the pre-market opening period and serves as the market opening price for the corresponding product. A COP will be calculated only if the highest bid price of the Limit Orders entered into HKATS is greater than or equal to the lowest ask price of the Limit Orders. For more information, please visit HKEx website www.hkex.com.hk. 

*In case of any emergency (such as adverse weather condition), you are requested to pay attention to the news or announcements made by the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Global Futures- Trading Rule

1. Trading Times: Depends on different products

2. You can contact our Overseas Futures Dealing Room via phone (852) 2106 3729 or utilize the online trading system to give order instructions. After an order is placed on the trading platform, you can call our Overseas Futures Dealing Room to amend or cancel that unexecuted order instruction. Any transaction concluded via Overseas Futures Dealing Room will be charged a commission according to company's standard rates. Any order instructions placed via Overseas Futures Dealing Room will be reflected on the trading platform in real time, you can amend or cancel that order in the same way before the transaction is executed. The client acknowledge that it may not be possible to amend or cancel his instructions or orders once given.

3. The commission, levy, and trading fee would not be deducted from your cash balance in trading account, until the next trading day and before 9:00am.

4. Please be kindly reminded to place enough margin deposit before placing order. For the margin requirement, generally our company would use margin requirement according to the related Exchanges as a reference, you can check the latest margin requirement in related Exchanges' website which could be found in the part of "Hyperlink" in this website. And our company reserves the rights to adjust the margin requirement before notifying clients. For U.S. Futures, Margin call will be issued when the NAV of Client's account is less than 70%* of the Initial Margin. For Japan Futures, Margin call will be issued when the NAV of Client's account is less than 50%* of the Initial Margin. The amount of Additional Margin shall be an amount that would sufficiently restore the NAV to full amount of Initial Margin as required by our company. Failure of the client, for whatever reason, to deposit full amount of addition margins before the prescribed time or the NAV of Client's account is less than 20%* (for U.S. Futures) or less than 50%* (for Japan Futures) of the Initial Margin, would result in strict settlement of the client's position(s) in whole or in part by our company at any market price(s) at our absolute discretion without prior notice to client.
* Our company has the right to change at any time as deemed necessary.

5. If you have forgotten your login password to the trading platform, please contact our Customer Service Dept at (852) 2919 2919. We will reset your password and send it to you through e-mail.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

System Requirement

CPU: Pentium III 800 MHz or above 
RAM: 256 MB or above 
Harddisc Space: 100 MB or above 
OS: Win 98/ME/NT/2000/XP 
Resolution: 1024x768 or above 
Monitor: 19 inches or above 
Mouse and Keyboard: Standard 
Network Connection: 128 kbps or above 
Firewall/Proxy settings (if applicable): Open outgoing TCP port 8080 (Recommended) 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Customer Service Department 

Emperor Futures Limited 

Hong Kong Hotline: (852) 2919 2919 
Northern China Toll-free Hotline: 10800 852 1674 
Southern China Toll-free Hotline: 10800 152 1674 
Macau Toll-free Hotline: 0800 349 
Oversea Dealing Hotline: (852) 2106 3729